The party fought through the terrible storm that sprung up after the hydra was slain.  Slowly making their way back to Thiaca, the party entered the city, only to find that they were wanted criminals.  Posters were hung everywhere, and despite an attempt to sneak through the city, they were soon apprehended and taken to the magically warded prison.  The party was briefly brought out of the prison to face Mikael Argent, who crowed about striking yet another blow against Sid.  He then had his fallen paladin bodyguard slay Sebastian and returned the group to prison.
Upon return, the party found that Bastijn was housed just down from them.  He was able to scheme to escape but couldn't free the party, though he was able to pass their possessions through the bars of their cell.  The party then decoded a puzzle on the wall and opened a secret door in their cell that led them to the sewers under Thiaca, full of dangerous creatures and winding tunnels.


Trenton, Mirthal, Brandong, Callie and Tamon each earned 450XP

We will pick up on 5/26 with the group in the sewers of Thiaca, trying to finish their escape from prison.

Onogug awoke to the sounds of a cart, slowly grinding its way down an uneven dirt road.  A grizzled old man sat atop the cart and squinted out at the dirty armored adventurer.  Onogug blinked in the bright sun and tried to get his bearings.  He remembered the healing spell that had failed and he seemed to remember really enjoying being a plant.  More importantly he remembered suddenly transforming back in the grip of an intense storm.  He had been trying to wait for his companions who had likely found a way into the building in the center of the druid circle, but suddenly... he was here.  He glanced around nervously and croaked "Brandong?"  "Nay, I don't know anyone by that name." said the man in the cart, that was now right beside him.  The driver clicked his tongue and pulled the tired horse to a stop.  "You're a man of cloth eh?  At least I think so.  My eyes aren't so good anymore".  Onogug hesitated and cautiously replied "Yes.  Lathandar".  "Eh? well, if you need a ride, hop in the back.  No sense sitting around out here".  Onogug glanced at the rolling fields stretching out in all directions, realizing there wasn't much else to do, tossed the man a silver from his pouch and clambered into the back of the cart.
