The book has a variety of ramblings and personal thoughts from Sid.  Here is the most notable section that appears towards the end

Arlo,

 

I wish I could tell you that I left you and your mother for some grand quest called forth by the gods but alas that is not to be.  I don't claim to be a great man, or some noble and wholesome-hearted saint who's done no wrong.  I am a bard, a confidence trickster, a thief and many would say, a scoundrel.  This missive isn't to beg your forgiveness or make some explanation for my actions, it is, instead, hopefully a ray of hope in darkness.  If you have decoded this book and are reading these words then likely my greatest fears have come to pass and my sordid past has risen up and trapped you in its claws.  Or perhaps, you are more like your father then your mother ever wanted to admit, and you've gotten yourself into trouble all on your own.  Either way, I hope what I have left you helps get you out of a jam and that maybe, you can hold some fondness for me amongst the hatred. 

I know not how your mother explained my sudden departure, but I assure you, she did not know my reasons.  I left to try to stop a great evil, brought forth by my own actions, unintentional though they were.   I was successful… in part; I saved someone of great value to me, but also lost another.  I misjudged the anger of a powerful individual and acted recklessly and the results will haunt me for the rest of my days.   I wish I could see you again, but the risk is simply too great.  I have faith that you will find this book stashed in your house and know that I was there.  Treat it as a final farewell and a small part of the lessons that I was not around to give you.

Remember more than all else, family is the most important thing.  There are none in this world that you can trust, save those in your family.  If you read this and trouble has found you seek out your half-brother Tamon Nightbreeze.  Together the two of you can steel yourselves against the winds of this world and resist the trouble that I've brought you and perhaps you've brought yourself.  Godspeed and love my son. 


