The party continued through the sewer, finally locating the hag they had gotten a glimpse of.  The hag's hideous visage frightened Tamon so severely that he ran and the hag used her death glare on him, causing him to drop dead.  He was rescued though and the party decided to head towards the exit.
They then found a pool of clean water, that appeared to be perfectly pure, despite sewage pouring into it.  The party investigated the pool and after a creative use of levitate, discovered that there was likely a magical item at the bottom.  Trenton tried to jump in to retrieve the item and was attacked by water weirds, that were part of the pool itself.  The party attempted to defend themselves, but soon discovered that the water weirds were just part of the defenses of this pool


Trenton, Mirthal, Brandong, Callie and Tamon each earned 525XP

We will pick up on 6/9 with the group in the sewers of Thiaca, trying to finish their escape from prison.

Onogug sat quietly in front of the remnants of the simple meal the family prepared.  After the incident at the cart he had quickly been introduced to the family.  The old man who had found him was named Garrin and his wife Claya had invited him, quite kindly, to join them for dinner and spend the night at their farm.  Onogug had started to protest, intending to journey onward, but the family insisted and Onogug had to admit there was no point in walking when he didn't even know where to go.  Claya's daughter Erilee helped prepare the meal in the kitchen, while their older son Shad had finished up out in the fields.  The dinner was simple, but good and Onogug had to admit it was the best he'd eaten in quite some time. 
Garrin's 10 year old son Arza came up to Onogug while he was lost in thought.  "How did you become a cleric?".  Onogug scrunched his brow and replied "I'm not sure, I think it might have just been destiny".  Onogug was still considering that question as Arza continued "Do you make other people follow your god?".  "Sometimes" said Onogug, before adding "wait, but I don't really *make* them...".  "What do you do if they don't follow?" Arza interrupted "or if they follow another?  Do you kill them?".  Onogug was about to answer when Claya interjected nervously "Arza! That is not how to treat a guest of the cloth.  Mind your questions, and to bed with you".  Garrin stood by the window with a look of concern "I think perhaps we should all be going to bed" he said "snuff the candles and close the windows".  The children snapped into action, in practiced form, reducing the house to darkness in minutes.  Onogug was stuck by the oddness of this place, but he was very tired.  Perhaps a nights rest could clear his mind and help him figure out how to get home.  He ventured over to a corner of the back room and laid out his bedroll, falling asleep almost instantly.
He snapped awake to the sounds of shouting.  Garrin stood in the open doorway of the house, speaking to someone Onogug couldn't see as the family looked on nervously.  Sounds of conflict and screaming pierced the air from beyond the farmstead. Outside the door Onogug could see the horizon lit by an unnatural red glow.  A good night's rest would have to wait.
