The traveled to the barony where the bowl was supposedly kept, and after a brief encounter with a deer and some surly villagers they received an audience with the baron.  The baron turned out to be a vampire, who was using the bowl.  The bowl allowed him to consume the blood of corpses rather then feeding on the living.  He was using it in an effort to satisfy a woman he was taken with, but felt it wasn't working so was more then willing to part with it.  The party bought the bowl but on the way out, found that the woman in question was actually a dryad and the vampire had built his castle around her grove, trapping her in his house forever.
She entreated the party to go and give the bowl back, even though that would likely illicit great anger, but in the end, the party completed the quest they were assigned and left the castle with the bowl, bound for Thiaca..

Trenton, Mirthal, Brandong, Callie and Tamon each earned 300XP

We will pick up on 6/30 @ 5:30 with the group on the way back to Thiaca

With a destination selected, Onogug and Arza made good time.  They found and followed a road, keeping a short distance off, using underbrush and wooded areas to avoid travelers and soldiers.  The entire landscape was scarred with the ravages of war.  Haggard civilians and armed warriors mingled on the road, crossing back and forth.  Everywhere the eye could see, hamlets and farmsteads had been pillaged and burned.  The evidence of violence touched the air and the very earth itself seemed on edge, waiting for the next gout of combat.  As they neared the city of Pel Karas, the land became more cultivated so they traveled on the road itself, moving swiftly and avoiding the gaze of commoners and especially soldiers.
This worked well for a time, but soon, as Onogug and Arza weaved through a group of civilians they heard a harsh voice behind them "You there, halt!  Turn and present yourself".  Onogug turned to face a pug faced warrior with three companions.  The lead warrior wore a mitre, modified for combat, and Onogug surmised him to be some sort of cleric or religious warrior. Onogug took a breath and calmed himself.  Out of the corner of his eye he saw Arza tuck the holy symbol in his shirt.  The soldiers approached Onogug and his companion, the cleric drawing himself up and glaring narrowly at them.  "You appear to be a man of the cloth, but your dress is strange." he said suspiciously, "Are you an acolyte of Ibus?".  Onogug gazed coolly back at the man and replied firmly.  "I am not.  I am a cleric of Lathandar, the Morninglord.  I am unaware of this 'Ibus'.  I pay him neither service nor homage".  The warrior stood dumbfounded for a moment, absorbing the unexpected answer.  Onogug watched as his confusion slowly turned to outrage.  His face flushed red with anger and he bellowed, "AN APOSTATE!!  Slay the unbeliever!!".  Civilians scattered off the road in all directions as the warriors drew their weapons and advanced on Onogug.
The cleric in the lead pulled out a short bladed spear, likely used for both ceremony and combat and stalked forward.   He thrust the weapon deftly forward, but Onogug lifted his arm and leaned slightly to the side, allowing the blade to pass by and then pinned the man's arm against his armor.  With his other hand he reached forward; roughly grabbing the struggling fighters face.  A short incantation and the struggles changed to panicked thrashing that stopped suddenly after a few seconds.  Onogug let the man drop, his face blackened and covered with deep wounds.  His companions took a step back at this display.  Onogug took the pause to mumble another incantation, and a dim blue glow enshrouded Arza.  He then drew his mace and stalked towards the others.  The first one to recover rushed forward, sword held high.  Onogug stepped forward quickly, smashing into the charging man with his shield, knocking him backwards onto the ground before he could swing his blow.  He then pivoted left, swinging his mace in a high level arc, catching the second warrior as he dashed around his companion.  There was a sickening crunch as the mace connected with the man's collarbone and he crumpled to the ground.  Onogug twisted back using the momentum to bring his mace forcefully down directly on the head of the first as he tried to rise.  The third fighter had raced around the melee to slay Arza, but found that his sword was unable to strike the boy.  His puzzlement was distraction enough that he didn't even hear the swing as Onogug felled him with a heavy blow from behind. 
Arza stood agape.  Onogug grabbed him roughly and pushed him forward on the road.  "We must make haste." he said hurriedly.   Arza started to ask a question, but Onogug cut him off, pushing him into a run down the road towards the city walls rising in the distance.  "I do not seek battle, but I will not lie, nor deny Lathandar to avoid it.  Knowing when you must fight is as important as knowing how to fight".  Arza nodded, took a breath and pulled the holy symbol back out from inside his shirt.  Onogug smiled and turned his attention towards the city in the distance.  Hopefully this place would be more hospitable, but he doubted it.
