On the way back to Thiaca, the party was engaged by Khubaz who had been tipped off by the vampire.  Khubaz sent a hideous boneclaw to attack the party, but after a short battle, the creature was defeated.  The group made it the rest of the way to Thiaca and then tried to learn a bit more about the bowl.  What they discovered was that the bowl and the dagger they retrieved in the sewer are actually a set.  Upon returning the bowl to the Unknowing, they also learned that the group is seeking the dagger too, but currently does not know where it is.  The party suggested knowledge and were able to meet the head of the group, who turned out to be Alban Vinter the former teacher of Trenton who had disappeared.  Alban has a strange red gem embedded in his forehead which seems to give him expansive knowledge.  He requested the group seek the dagger and offered to give them the book in exchange.  He also suggested he has a larger quest for them to embark on after this one is complete.  The party sought to locate Bastijn unsuccessfully and pondered what to do about Marian and Daniel as Trenton's sister has agreed to marriage after Daniel was able to get the arrest warrant for Bastijn lifted.


Trenton, Mirthal, Callie and Tamon each earned 1250XP


Onogug and Arza cautiously approached the city, quickly realizing things were far worse than expected.  They continued on, however, for lack of a better destination.  Arza had indicated that Pel Karas was a port city.  Perhaps there was a ship that could transport them to safety.  It was obvious, even from a distance that the city had recently been breached.  The great wooden doors hung awkwardly against the sides of the gates.  Inside the city was chaos as the forces that had captured the city still fought, street by street to subdue the population and crush the remaining defenders.  Onogug pulled his cowl over his head and rushed through the open gate, keeping to alleyways and trying to travel with crowds.   However, news of his encounter with the soldiers on the road flew faster than he and Arza could hope to, and they soon began to attract notice. 
It was Arza who first noticed they were being tailed.  Several armored warriors, emblazoned with the same crests as the ones from the road were tracking them carefully, shadowing their serpentine path through the city.  It seemed like luck might be on their side though.  Breaking across a courtyard, the salty smell of sea air hit their nostrils and the tall masts of ships could be seen in the distance.  Onogug grabbed Arza's arm, and cut sharply in between two buildings and out to the main road.  There a large man with a hawkish nose stepped out into view, flanked by two wary fighters.  "Ok, that's quite far enough, stranger.  Lay down your weapons and surrender.".  "Not today, fool", Onogug sneered, "Arza, run to the docks and don't stop.  I'll be right behind you".  He whipped his hand up and growled out an incantation and in an instant, the man with the hawkish nose disappeared.  Onogug had already broken into a sprint, dashing between the stunned fighters, through the place once occupied by their leader.  Arza followed quickly, though unencumbered by armor he was soon well ahead of Onogug.  They arrived at the docks, and Arza hesitated.  Onogug, seeing him pause, pointed to a pier with a ship moored, already loaded with refugees and shouted "That way".  The two thundered down the dock with a growing band of angry soldiers on their heels.  The captain of the ship, seeing Onogug and his pursuers rapidly closing on him, hastily worked to cast off.  Onogug grinned, "yet another narrow escape", he chuckled to himself, when suddenly his vision went white with pain and he pitched forward, an arrow protruding from his calf.  Arza whirled around and sprinted back to Onogug who was struggling to his feet.  He got there just in time for Onogug to grab him close and crouch behind his shield as a dozen more arrows peppered the dock.  "Get in the boat Arza", Onogug snarled, through clenched teeth.  Arza began to protest, but Onogug's glare silenced him.  The warriors, confident that the arrows had done their work pushed forward to engage.  Onogug swung his mace back and forth while slowly backing towards the boat.  He glanced behind him in time to see Arza jump wildly into the boat, which was already beginning to pull away from the dock.  He turned back as more warriors bore down on him.  A fighter swung high and Onogug deflected the blow with his shield and buried his mace into the man's exposed stomach.  Another soldier thrust forward, his sword glancing against the side of Onogug's armor.  Onogug turned around quickly, elbowing the off balance fighter into the water.  Onogug then took one final sweeping swing to drive back his attackers and turned to sprint towards the boat.
He had only taken a few steps when another arrow struck him in the shoulder, causing him to lean heavily on his wounded leg.  Onogug briefly collapsed to one knee, before grunting and forcing himself to his feet.  The delay was enough for his pursuers.  As he began to rush forward again a spear thrust pierced his back, running him through and protruding from his chest.  Onogug looked down at the spear in confusion.  It seemed like the wound should hurt, but it oddly did not.  He looked back up.  The ship was now a good distance from the dock, and he could barely make out the figure of Arza in the stern.  Arza seemed to be yelling something, but Onogug couldn't hear what he was saying.  The boy was holding up his holy symbol, and the afternoon sun glinted off the metal.  It seemed to Onogug that darkness was closing in on that single point of light, as it swung from Arza's outstretched hand. He focused on the light, willing it to grow stronger, watching it as it swayed back and forth, keeping a strange melodic rhythm.  He was laying down now, though he knew not how.  He was so tired and cold, but he couldn't sleep, not while this twinkling light mesmerized him.  He intently watched that single star in the night sky as it grew fainter and fainter, until finally, after what seemed like an eternity, it too went dark.
