Onogug jolted awake, grasping reflexively for his chest.  His eyes shot up and he gazed in wonder around the room that he was in.  It looked vaguely familiar; similar in ways to the temple of the sun, but almost infinitely more massive.  The gigantic tree dominated the room, it's edges fading off in the distance, farther than Onogug could see.  The walls seemed translucent, as if he could reach through them out into endless nothing.  Then Onogug looked up, and his breath caught in awe.  The branches of the tree spread out in thousands of directions reaching up into black nothingness.  The tree extended up into the heavens, reaching miles into a dark sky, littered with twinkling lights.   The branches stretched towards these lights and the closer ones showed themselves to be a small sphere, like a porthole of a ship showing a glimpse into another world.  Onogug tore his eyes away, his head spinning and took a few breaths to steady himself before looking back up.  Most of the spheres he could see looked into countless copies of the temple of the sun.  Thousands of them, all different.  Some cloaked in ice, or overgrown with moss and lichens.  Others appeared to be in wasted deserts or nestled in verdant forests and hundreds even more fantastic and unusual.  A few of the branches appeared dead, shriveled and dried and the temples these strands touched had been razed or burned. 
A voice spoke out of nothingness.  "You planted a seed".  The speech came on a gust of wind that caused the tree to sway gently, or perhaps, it was the tree that caused the breeze.  Onogug looked around with confusion.  Another gust, the tree leaned and a branch pulled closer into view, a new bud reaching towards its goal.  Within the shimmering globe Onogug could vaguely see Arza climbing out of the boat with other refugees.  Several of them followed him closely as he strode confidently into the city.  "You are my chosen.  A life of difficulty, struggle and pain" the voice said sorrowfully.  There was a pause, "and eventually, failure.".  "What do you mean?" asked Onogug, "Did I do poorly or fail in some way?".  The room filled with an orange glow, like the first morning sunrise.  "No no, my child.  You did very well.  But there will be more, always more, each one a challenge, a trial and a temptation".  Onogug considered this carefully, reflecting back on his time with Arza and his family.  "Will Arza be ok?" he asked softly.  "What Arza will be is up to him now.  It is the seed that will decide what he grows into" 
A thought occurred to Onogug.  "My friends, are they well?  I need to return.  It is likely they have been causing trouble and making bad decisions while I've been away".  "They have done as best they can, considering..." the voice said with a sigh.  "The task you complete with them is most important, I shall not endanger it, even if I have cause to pull you away".  Onogug looked confused.  "Task?" he began carefully.  "Yes.  You and your companions are righting a wrong.  The echoes of a calamity, almost forgotten, but that festers quietly under the surface and threatens soon to burst forth and consume everything".  Onogug's eyes widened.  "Then what should we do?  Where should we go?  Give me direction. Please!".  The voice was silent for several moments.  "It is not for me to interfere.  These are the rules of your world.  It is either men or gods who decide fate.  It should never be both.  Interference has caused too much suffering already."
Onogug felt himself start to pull from the strange world.  The tree and the points of light began to become hazy.  Onogug's mind raced with questions.  "Wait" he called desperately, hoping to seize one final answer.  "Did Anaoc fail?".  There was a pause and the room darkened.  "Yes." was the response.  "Anaoc was a faithful and capable servant, but in his hubris he built a temple to me from the bones of Tektos.  With his foolish pride, Anaoc laid the groundwork of his own downfall".  Onogug's breath caught in his throat and a feeling of fear swept over him.  "So is he lost?" said Onogug fearfully.  The calm morning glow returned to the room.  "No my son." said the voice brightly.  "You saved him.  Just as one day, you too might be saved".  A vision of Anaoc floated in front of Onogug.  His former mentor seemed at peace.  The lines of pain and suffering, the horrid state Onogug had last seen him was wiped away, replaced again by the familiar knowing smile.
Onogug jolted up out of bed.  There was a startled cry from the corner of the simple room he was in.  A young man, dressed in the robes of Lathander jumped out of a chair and hurried to the bed.  "Chosen one!" he shouted, "Praise be to Lathander.  I hope you find this room to your liking.  I was called by Lathander himself to hold a room at the Travelers Inn.  I hope it is to your liking.".  Onogug stared at him in confusion for a few moments.  "My companions?" Onogug said hoarsely, still trying to gather his wits.  The young acolyte told him where the party was staying in the city.  "I know not what they did when they traveled south, but while they've been in the city; we've been watching.  Our clerics have reported to me so that I might tell you."  After a short discussion Onogug thanked the young man and gathered his belongings.  He stepped out of the room into the crisp morning air and bustle of Thiaca headed towards the former abode of Basitijn.

