Tamon headed off to meet with Ines for his dinner and found out that she had already begun planning a wedding for the two of them.  After a nice dinner she revealed her plan, and while Tamon was initially surprised, he was more surprised when he found out why.  Apparently his mother is actually Ioana Argent, first daughter of Mikael Argent and second in line for the Argent throne.  It seemed like things were arranged when Ines began to choke.  She died from a poison placed in her food by Khina who had hidden herself among the servants preparing the meal.  Khina accosted Tamon and accused him of treachery, for leaving her alone for over a year while pregnant.  She demanded that he agree to marry her and help raise their child.  She revealed that Argent had helped her locate him and were currently caring for the child while she was there.  She demanded that Tamon return with her to thank House Argent for their help and then become a family.  She was about to yank Tamon with her when an arrow flew through the air and embedded in the back of her head, killing her instantly.  A note and a shadowy figure on a distant rooftop revealed that Tsarra had returned to exact her revenge.  She had fired the arrow killing Khina and dropped off the roof and out of sight.  Tamon was spotted by guards and became invisible and fled back to the inn
Meanwhile, Brandong and Onogug were trying to get some work and got caught in an alarm.  The city was thrown into chaos by the death of a noble.  It was later revealed that the noble who died was Raul Argent, first son of Mikael Argent. 
Additionally, Callie was exploring the city and was accosted by her brother, who accused her of abandoning him and tried to murder her in an alley.
